BD-4454: Clarify what channels are available for multichannel campaigns (#9374)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/faq.md

---
nav_title: FAQ
article_title: Campaigns FAQ
page_order: 10
page_type: FAQ
description: "This page provides answers to frequently asked questions about campaigns."
tool: Campaigns

---

# Frequently asked questions

> This article provides answers to some frequently asked questions about campaigns.

### How do I create a multichannel campaign?

> To create a multichannel campaign, select **Messaging** > **Campaigns**. Then, select **Create Campaign** > **Multichannel**. From here, you can select from the following messaging channels: Content Cards, email, LINE, push notifications, SMS/MMS/RCS, webhook, or WhatsApp.

Reviewer: if there's also a dedicated page for this in Braze Docs already, it might be worth adding a link to the bottom of the info, like:

```
For a full walkthrough, see [Page](link).
```

#### API-triggered

> API-triggered or server-triggered campaigns are ideal for more advanced transactional use cases, allowing you to trigger the delivery of campaign content from your own servers and systems. The API request to trigger the message can also include additional data to be templated into the message in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API-triggered and server-triggered campaigns are ideal for handling more advanced transactions, allowing you to trigger the delivery of campaign content from your own servers and systems. The API request to trigger the message can also include additional data to be templated into the message in real time.
```

not sure if "handling" is the right word here, but my main goal was to remove the phrase "use cases" from this line. tweak as needed 👍🏽
